
<p>
To access all information regarding the creation of Fermilab Account, visit: <a href="https://get-connected.fnal.gov/accessandbadging/access/" class="urlextern" title="https://get-connected.fnal.gov/accessandbadging/access/" rel="ugc nofollow">https://get-connected.fnal.gov/accessandbadging/access/</a>. In the link, you will find instructions to request an account.
</p>

<p>
The first step is to fill in the required form. The form will depend on the action you want to take. If requesting an account for the first time, complete the form: “Are you new to the Lab?”. Your project coordinator or teacher in charge may answer any doubts while supplementing the form. The approval of this ticket might take some days. 
</p>

<p>
Once your ticket is approved, you will receive two emails from Fermiworks/Workday with your username and password to complete your onboarding. You will have to enter Fermiworks and complete all the required tasks. 
</p>

<p>
Some days after completing the Fermiworks tasks you will receive an email with information for access to Fermilab. Your Fermilab account is online, but you will have to contact the Fermilab Service Desk (630- 840-2345 or servicedesk@fnal.gov) to get schedule a meeting to verify your identity, so your passport must be in order. After this, you will get your temporary passwords and access to Kerberus. It is advisable to call for verification, as the email might take a while.
</p>

<p>
Lastly, request a computing account asociated with SBND (Or the experiment you are wonking on). Access ServiceDesk and search Experiment/Project/Collaboration Computing Account for details regarding this operation.
</p>
