====== Group Meeting 02 December 2022 ======

----

=== LAB ===

  * SiPM tests for ProtoDUNE-VD just started. People working in the lab
  * Updates: IV-curve OK at room temperature & LN2. DCR work in progress

 {{ :start:group_meetings:img_5918.jpg?400 }}

=== ANALYSIS / RECONSTRUCTION ===

  * Bruno - Charla presentada en el meeting de reconstrucci√≥n (algoritmo PCA desarrollado por Marina) {{ :start:group_meetings:showerdirection_maxpca.pdf |}}

=== SIMULATIONS ===

  * Luis - Informe semanal {{ :start:group_meetings:presentacio_nluis28_11-02_12.pdf |}}

=== OTHERS ===

  * Any other topic to discuss during the group meeting: organization, purchasing, complains  ...
  * Fran - Charlas para el Collaboration Meeting
    * PDS reco: {{:start:group_meetings:wintercm_pdsnewreco1.pdf | WinterCM_PDS}}
    * Hiperones: {{:start:group_meetings:wintercm_qehyperonselection.pdf | WinterCM_Hiperones}}
