====== Group Meeting 21 October 2022 ======

----

=== LAB ===

  * Fernando - Updates
  * Elena - Updates
  * Patricia - Towards a future operational LAr cryostat {{ :start:group_meetings:lar_cryostat.pdf |}}

=== ANALYSIS ===

  * Fran - CAF-based Lambda analysis {{ :start:group_meetings:frannicolas_201022.pdf |}}
  * Bruno - neutrino-electron scattering update {{ :start:group_meetings:nu_e_scattering_update_1021.pdf |}}


=== SIMULATIONS ===

  * Alejandro - LArSoft Light Simulation: Update {{ :start:group_meetings:presentacino_alejandro_sanchez_21_10.pdf |}}
=== OTHERS ===

  * Any other topic to discuss during the group meeting: organisation, purchasing, complaints  ...