====== Group Meeting 25 November 2022 ======

----

=== LAB ===

  * Fernando - Updates
  * Elena - Updates
  * Patricia - SiPM tests for ProtoDUNE-VD {{:start:group_meetings:2022_11_24_patricia.pdf |Slides}}

=== ANALYSIS ===

  * Fran - Test PDS calorimetry {{:start:group_meetings:2022_11_25_fran_lightcalo.pdf | Slides}}


=== SIMULATIONS ===

  * Alejandro - LArSoft Light Simulation: Update  {{:start:group_meetings:alejandrosanchez_25_11.pdf | Slides}}

=== OTHERS ===

  * Any other topic to discuss during the group meeting: organisation, purchasing, complaints  ...